add bundle install instructions (#82)
napari/tutorials: fundamentals/installation.md

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_assets.png' | relative_url }})

You can then download the appropriate zip file for your platform.

### installing the MacOS bundle

Once you have downloaded the MacOS bundle zip you will have a zip file with a name like
`napari-0.3.7.zip`. After unzipping you will have a file with a name like `napari-0.3.7.dmg`.
Double clicking the `dmg` will open a new finder window giving you the option to install
napari into your `Applications` folder by dragging the `napari` icon onto the `Applications` icon.

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_install.png' | relative_url }})

After you drag the `napari` icon onto the `Applications` icon napari will be installed in your
Applications folder and available for opening by double clicking on it.

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_applications_folder.png' | relative_url }})

The first time you try and open napari you will get the "unverified developer warning" that
appears bellow:

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_dev_warning.png' | relative_url }})

Don't be alarmed, this is because the napari team has not yet obtained a developer certificate

> from Apple, but we will be doing this promtly. It is safe to click `Cancel`. To get napari to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from Apple, but we will be doing this promptly. It is safe to click `Cancel`. To get napari to
```

open you must enter `Systems Preferences` and click the `Security & Privacy` icon, circled in
red below:

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_security_privacy.png' | relative_url }})

> Once inside the `Security & Privacy` tab you should see a message about napari being blocked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once inside the `Security & Privacy` tab, you should see a message about napari being blocked
```

> and an `Open Anyway` button, circled in red below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and an "Open Anyway" button, circled in red below:
```

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_open_anyway.png' | relative_url }})

After clicking this button you'll get one final warning about napari not being verified, but

> now you'll have an `Open` button, as seen below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
now you'll have an "Open" button, as seen below:
```

![image]({{ '/assets/tutorials/installation/bundle_open.png' | relative_url }})

> Now you'll finally see the napari viewer appear, but don't worry, you only have to go through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking "Open", the viewer should appear.  Don't worry, you will only have to go through
```
